Well Sugoi this next just still looks great.
And thanks for all the information on server side rendering.
I think you're right.
I don't think we need Robur friends out to be server side rendered for now but maybe on future projects
we could use something like next Actually yes.
Thanks again.
Really appreciate it.
God you are awesome.
All right.
We've done it again.
Another task done for Bruno and Kaikohe Corp..
Hopefully you now feel comfortable with the idea of server side rendering and client side rendering
and you're able to make a smart decision on when to use what free Remember server side rendering is
great for static sites initial page loads are faster and SEO is definitely better with them.
The drawback being that it still does full page reloads the rendering can be slower because of that.
And we have multiple requests to the server as it was increasing the complexity of our app client side
rendering.
On the other hand was really really good for rich interactions.
Fast Web site rendering after the initial load and it was a good tool for web applications but it did
have the drawback that MCO was really hard to get right.
And you had that longer initial load.
Now to finish off I want to show you three charts that I think are really helpful.
The first char we're going to look at is how a regularly japes rendered page locks we have the initial
request.
A similar arrives and starting from there we start requesting all our resources including our large
javascript file the javascript file arrives.
It then gets parsed and evaluated and our view is finally painted.
And we have interactivity.
You see it takes a long time to actually have a workable page and we've already discussed this Two-Bits
the second graph is with server side rendering.
We have our initial request HMO arise but because we have information on our a shemale page we get a
faster view painted.
The problem being that we might have the view painted onto the screen but we have to wait for the java
script to arrive be parsed and evaluated.
So we have this thing called uncanny valley where the web page looks like it's ready and you might start
clicking on a button but it won't start working until all this javascript business is taken care of.
So maybe perhaps there is a better solution.
Perhaps we can use something called progressive rendering the idea behind progressive rendering and
you know what we've actually been talking about it throughout the course we only send out only what
you need for the initial render.
Then you progressively make more features and pages available in the background as more things arrive.
So you might remember code splitting.
That's what it is.
Code splitting was sending only what we need to the front end above the fold loading that was sending
all what we need to the front end.
And then once the web page is loaded for the user then we started loading any background scripts maybe
a new page Ibby the menu bar only when the user clicks on it.
The idea is that we make the initial request HMO arrives and we don't have that uncanny valley things
are working really really fast and we just slowly progressively make our app start working in the background
without the user noticing.
And you can actually see this in the re-act docs once again if we go to the Riak page and I open up
the tab.
If I go to network and I refresh I see that I'm downloading a ton of things.
We see that there is this load line which is the red line.
So the web page has been loaded.
But then after that we have all these things that seem to load in the background trying to get this
progressive loading happening.
Very cool and many companies use this kind of way of making their Web sites fast.
Big companies such as Flipkart or Ali Express.
And then there's the idea of serving a shell or a skeleton of an.
Companies like Flipkart and Ali Express used this where they server render a shell or a skeleton screen
that gets printed right away so that it feels like content is loading immediately even though in the
background there's actually loading happening on the client side.
Now this is a combination and strategizing about why you ship to the front and why you render on the
server.
And that's important to think about.
Again as a senior developer there's always trade off.
There's it's never black and white right or wrong for each situation.
You're trying to figure out what is the best thing you can do and you can take pieces from client side
and server side rendering to make it work for whatever your needs are.
For example there's a tool called pre-rendered IO and it allows javascript websites to be crawled for
search engines and they do that by actually having a service where they render the page for you and
you're able to save that rendered a shemale to the crullers.
And there's many many things that you can do.
The idea being that you want to know how things work and then decide for yourself what avenue you want
to take and what pieces you want to take from each so to finish off.
We've talked about server side rendering client side rendering.
We took a look at great libraries like neckerchiefs that make server side rendering dynamic apps easy.
And we also learned that companies like Priceline Walmart Airbnb are a big fan of things like server
side rendering because they care about their su a lot of their customers come through Osseo and they
want to make sure that that is as fast as possible.
But other Web sites might not be as interested in that and adding that extra layer of complexity.
So they try and do something that is client side rendered but also progressive enough where they minimize
the amount of javascript we send to the content.
I think Brunos happy with our decision that the Roble friends app doesn't need to be server side.
It's fairly fast already.
Our javascript files are fairly small and we don't care too much about Osseo with our Roble friends.
So I think we're good sticking with client side rendering.
What do you think I'll see in the next section.